hey guys welcome back to my channel
today's video I'm going to show you a
full makeup tutorial in just five
minutes so we are in a rush so let's get
started the first product i'm using is
baby skin and by Maybelline New York and
this is supposed to be an instant pore
eraser or a face primer I love it
because it's really lightweight and just
a little dot like a pea sized amount of
this product will really get the job
done next up is foundation and today I'm
using Maybelline's super-state better
skin foundation this is new to me I've
used it maybe about four or five times
and I love it i'm going to use a couple
of pumps to the back of my moist beauty
blender and blend that out and if you're
wondering this is the color number 50
natural beige i usually use 2 30 in
there fit me collection and i love both
but this one I've been favoring a lot
lately so I decided to just use it so if
you get a chance just like the product
before this one give it a shot because I
really really love it and recommend it
now for concealer I am going to be using
another product from Maybelline this is
the fit me concealer in number 20 sand
it's really really close to the NARS
creamy foundation or creamy concealer
I'm sorry um it's in the color custard I
use that often but since this is a
drugstore video I decided to use this
one to just pretty much the same it just
doesn't dry matte so flip over your
beauty blender and use that cone part to
really get close to your eye and just as
a really lovely job of blending it out
now to add some definition I'm going to
be using this palette from ELF it's
called the contouring blush and bronzer
palette in the shade Turks and Caicos
I've talked about this a few times I
know I've mentioned it in my favorites
videos it is one of my favorite products
if I love love love the contour color I
think the blush color makes me look a
little dusty but for three bucks it's
worth a whirl next step is the L'Oreal
Paris True Match Lumi and this is in the
shade w 102 golden I really like it as
far as drugstore products goes for
luminator zor highlighters it does do
the
Trek it's not as powerful as the ones
that you see online that are probably
double if not triple the price but for
its price point it does get the job done
and I am starting to look a lot more
glowy next step is another product from
l'oreal paris this is the visible lift
color lip blush and this is in number
706 berry lift and i'm just adding a
little bit of color to my cheeks as you
can see it's very subtle you don't want
to go too crazy especially because when
you use these tips for this video you're
going to damn rush and you don't have
any time to take it off and try all over
again so let's keep it light let's keep
it right moving on to lips i'm using the
infallible Pro matte gloss in the shade
number 517 nude allude just applying
this to the back of my hand and using my
fingers to Pat that color onto my lips
now this can get a little bit messy so
try not to put it on like a damn gorilla
but it's just going to give you a nice
natural subtle color not to head out so
early in the morning because it's it's
way too early in my opinion for some
crazy bold lips so keep it light and
moving on to our eyes speaking of
keeping it light I'm going to be using
abella I shadow and this is the gel
powder from Milani and this is in ballet
champagne number 16 using my fingers I'm
just going to go ahead and Pat that and
then do a quick little swipes onto my
eyelids as you can see this is super
pigmented so just a few swipes will get
it done we just want to change a little
bit of the color to soften up our eyes
then using miss manga mascara and this
is like the darkest or the blackest
black I think and a couple of coats to
my top lashes it's just going to make
them dark and stick out just a little
bit more i'm going to be skipping the
eyelashes today just because like i said
we're going to keep with the theme that
we're in a rush i hope that your hair is
wash and dry and clean like mine so I'm
just I'm pull my hair down and let it
just be wild and free at least my face
is nice and bright
I felt like the mat was just not doing
its job so I'm just gonna add a coat of
a natural colored lip gloss and Pat ow
girl we are done we went from crazy to
Lala's everybody's gonna be like where
are you going girl you look good so
hopefully you like this video thank you
so much for watching don't forget
subscribe check out my last video and
I'll see you in the next one bye